I keep an xbox spinning on that 42
screen and I'll hold my title higher
than my date for the e hey what's up
everybody my name is belief on need
please hit that subscribe button if you
have not already because tonight I'm
actually gonna show one of the hidden
ninja timeline pages this one is big
brother little brother and it's the
reward for completing the bonus of the
last fight in the eternal fragment manga
Kyo Sharingan section again that's
collecting all the chakra fragments with
the Frog and all of that stuff now shout
out to the obito uchiha Facebook fan
page and the Naruto fans Facebook fan
page for just really holding it down
again my name is belief I need hit that
subscribe button and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with more everything
pick spots my song got video on debt
soundcheck sounds good with a youtube
check check you to everything you to
everything
Facebook cleanest on the Twitter gear
little cake